[Music]
you're spectacular
Alex you're the best thing that's ever
happened to me
let's go the distance think of them as
well thought out suggestions every woman
has a list she just wrote it done
no women would give a guy a list like
this unless she wanted to be with him
for the rest of her life
this could be good strategically you
ready to go to work eggshell white what
about polar bear that might be a bit too
dingy parent something the locals are
too nebulous white teeth whitening comes
last this is going to be very
interesting may I introduce dr. Antonio
Rosenblatt oh wow look at him please
please take me for a ride in your
European cars I think we can have one
all this great relationship to all time
I'm doing the best I can with this
stupid list noise when it starts to
carry
if you will need to be circumcised word
of advice steam saw my parents having
sex
my grandpa my parents are having sex
with my grandparents they're Jewish
drinker and again it's gonna be our best
night
[Music]